Apart from various other benefits of using lambda functions there are several other ways that you can
make use of and improve your roof loss with lambda functions.
And one example of that is the environment variables show and moment variables.
If we go back to our Ada we use Casal are located under the environment variable section.
So if you define your moment variables as key value pairs as you do within your local computer and basically
anywhere you can use those variables to process some data to take some actions regarding other resources
on AWOS.
So in this way we're going to discover that feature.
And we're going to update the configuration of our lambda function and we're going to see that we can
use those in mind variables and we can basically read those to process some data with those implement
variables.
So let's go back to our project and from there what I'm going to do is I'm going to define another method.
So within this method I'm expecting to add some environment variables to my lambda function.
So I'll say add underscore environment variables to and list is fixed at Type 2 and 2 lambda.
All right.
So within this method I have to pass in a couple of things.
But of course this is optional but I want to reuse this method for my other lambda functions so I'll
just pass in the function name and also the variables that I want to update on my function configuration.
So within this method I'll return when the client got and for that purpose I have to use the update
function configuration method.
This update function configuration method provides a couple of alternatives that we can apply to our
functions.
And as you will see with our upcoming lectures with the update function configuration method you can
basically update the configuration of your lender like using the memory or the time out or in our case
with the environment variables.
So the configuration update process is very straightforward and you'll see how easy it is to do so.
So now let's just say update function configuration and within this method I'll use my parameters.
So I'll say function name equals function name and the environment equals environment.
So of course the environment is going to be equal to our variables that we're going to pass in as key
value pairs.
So now let's go down.
And first to comment these lines out.
And after that the first thing that I want to do is provide my variables my environment variable so
let's just say n variables equals.
So I have to provide a dictionary as you can guess as I always do with my Python implementations.
And in this case since enrolment variables are key value pairs I have to provide them within a dictionary.
So I'll say under the keyword variables of course in a capitalized format that's what a W-S is expecting
from me.
And within another dictionary inside that variables definition no I can provide my key value pairs as
to be used in my variables.
So I'll say in capitalized format and underscore voire underscore test and this environment variable
is going to be equal to this says
an environment variable.
Simple as that.
So now let's just make use of this environment variable within our function so update it and to do that
let's just call our update function update and let's just check out.
Oh OK we have the name of the method as add an environment variable to lambda.
So let's just call that an environment variable to lambda and I'll pass in the Python lambda name.
And also I'll pass in the environment variables as my environment variables just like that.
So now we can basically call and see what's going to happen.
So I'm just going to go and hit Grun.
And here we go.
So now let's go back to our AWOS console and see what happened there.
If we go back to our functions and from there if we go to our Python lambda function and under our environment
variables as you can see we could successfully update our Python lambda function for our variable.
So we have the key as and underscore var underscore test.
And as the value of that key we have this is an environment variable exclamation point just like that.
So as you can see this were easy and straightforward to update the configuration of your lambda function.
So in the next video we're going to explore how we can make use of this environment variable within
our lambda function.
So you're going to see how easy that is also to process.
So I'll see on the next media.